CASMINST-4625 use full path for csm_ntp.py (#1619)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/node_management/Configure_NTP_on_NCNs.md

Until an upstream NTP server is configured, the time on the NCNs may not match the current time at the site, but they will stay in sync with each other.

## Topics

> * [Fix BSS Metadata](#fix-bss-metadata)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Fix BSS metadata](#fix-bss-metadata)
```

* [Fix broken configurations](#fix-broken-configurations)

<a name="fix-bss-metadata"></a>

> ## Fix BSS Metadata

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Fix BSS metadata
```

> If nodes are missing metadata for NTP, you will be required to generate the data using `csi` and your system's `system_config.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If nodes are missing metadata for NTP, then the data must be generated using `csi` and the system's `system_config.yaml` file.

The `csi` tool is not available on `ncn-m001` after the CSM install is completed. However, if the install recovery data is still available on `ncn-m001` or `ncn-m003`,
then the `csi` tool can be retrieved from the saved PIT ISO file. To do this, see the step used to obtain access to CSI in the
[Enable NCN Disk Wiping Safeguard](../../install/deploy_final_ncn.md#enable-ncn-disk-wiping-safeguard) procedure.
```

> If you do not have your seed data in the `system_config.yaml` then you will need to open a ticket to help generate the NTP data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the seed data from `system_config.yaml` is not available, then open a support ticket to help generate the NTP data.
```

> The following steps are structured to be executed on one node at a time. However, step #3 will generate all relevant files for each node. If multiple nodes are missing NTP data in BSS, you can apply this fix to each node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps are structured to be executed on one node at a time. However, step #3 will generate all relevant files for each node. If multiple nodes are missing NTP data in BSS, then apply this fix to each node.
```

1. Update `system_config.yaml` to have the correct NTP settings:

    ```yaml
    ntp-servers:
      - ncn-m001
      - time.nist.gov
    ntp-timezone: UTC
    ```

2. Generate new configurations:

    ```bash
    ncn# csi config init
    ```

> 3. In the newly created `system/basecamp` directory, copy in and execute the metadata script that is included in the upgrade scripts of this documentation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Change directory to the newly created `system/basecamp` directory and execute the `upgrade_ntp_timezone_metadata.sh` script.
```

    ```bash

>     ncn# ./upgrade_ntp_timezone_metadata.sh

Reviewer: Do they need to copy the script there? Or is it enough to run the script from inside the system/basecamp directory? If that is good enough, then I think this suggestion works:
```suggestion
    ncn# cd system/basecamp && /usr/share/doc/csm/upgrade/scripts/upgrade_ntp_timezone_metadata.sh
```

Author: Fixed.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: The linter wanted this

    ```

> 4. Find the relevant file(s) to the node(s) with missing metadata, such as `upgrade-metadata-000000000000.json` based on the mac address of the node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Find the relevant file for the node with missing metadata (such as `upgrade-metadata-000000000000.json`) based on the MAC address of the node.
```

Author: Fixed.

> 5. Find the xname for the node that needs to be fixed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Find the component name (xname) for the node that needs to be fixed.
```

Author: Fixed.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    Run this command on the node that needs to be fixed in order to determine its xname.

```

Author: Fixed.

    ```bash
    ncn# cat /etc/cray/xname

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: The linter wanted this

    ```

> 6. From `ncn-m001` execute the following command to update BSS:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. From `ncn-m001`, update BSS.
```

Author: Fixed.

    ```bash

>     ncn# csi handoff bss-update-cloud-init --user-data="upgrade-metadata-000000000000.json" --limit=<xname>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ncn-m001# csi handoff bss-update-cloud-init --user-data="upgrade-metadata-000000000000.json" --limit=<xname>`
```

Author: Fixed.

    ```

7. Continue with the upgrade.

8. Set a token as described in [Identify Nodes and Update Metadata](Rebuild_NCNs/Identify_Nodes_and_Update_Metadata.md)

9. When the upgrade is completed, run this script on each NCN to ensure the time is set correctly:

>     > If more than nine NCNs are in use on the system, update the for loop in the following command accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > If more than nine NCNs are in use on the system, update the `for` loop in the following command accordingly.
```

Author: Removed in favor of /etc/hosts

    ```bash

>      ncn-m001# for i in ncn-{w,s}00{1..3} ncn-m00{2..3}; do echo \

Reviewer: To avoid having them have to edit the loop, could you instead grab the NCN names from /etc/hosts like we do in other places?

Author: Fixed.

>      ncn-m001# for i in ncn-{w,s}00{1..3} ncn-m00{2..3}; do echo \

Reviewer: Also, I think this line should be indented one space less than it is

>      "------$i--------"; ssh $i 'TOKEN=$TOKEN /srv/cray/scripts/common/chrony/csm_ntp.py'; done

Reviewer: I don't think your TOKEN variable will be properly set here, since you are enclosing it in single quotes

Author: Fixed.

    ```

<a name="fix-broken-configs"></a>

> ### Fix Broken Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Fix broken configuration
```

Author: Fixed.

    ```bash
    ncn# csi config init
    ```

1. Change directory to the newly created `system/basecamp` directory and execute the `upgrade_ntp_timezone_metadata.sh` script.

    ```bash
    ncn# cd system/basecamp && /usr/share/doc/csm/upgrade/scripts/upgrade_ntp_timezone_metadata.sh
    ```

1. Find the relevant file for the node with missing metadata (such as `upgrade-metadata-000000000000.json`) based on the MAC address of the node.

1. Find the component name (xname) for the node that needs to be fixed:

    Run this command on the node that needs to be fixed in order to determine its xname.

    ```bash
    ncn# cat /etc/cray/xname
    ```

1. From `ncn-m001`, update BSS:

    ```bash
    ncn-m001# csi handoff bss-update-cloud-init --user-data="upgrade-metadata-000000000000.json" --limit=<xname>`
    ```

1. Continue with the upgrade.

1. Set a token as described in [Identify Nodes and Update Metadata](Rebuild_NCNs/Identify_Nodes_and_Update_Metadata.md)

1. When the upgrade is completed, run this script on `ncn-m001` in order to ensure the time is set correctly on all NCNs:

    ```bash
    ncn-m001# for i in $(grep -oP 'ncn-\w\d+' /etc/hosts | sort -u); do 

>     ssh $i "TOKEN=$TOKEN /srv/cray/scripts/common/chrony/csm_ntp.py"; done

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                  ssh $i "TOKEN=$TOKEN /srv/cray/scripts/common/chrony/csm_ntp.py"; done
```

* [Fix BSS metadata](#fix-bss-metadata)
* [Fix broken configurations](#fix-broken-configurations)

<a name="fix-bss-metadata"></a>

## Fix BSS metadata

If nodes are missing metadata for NTP, then the data must be generated using `csi` and the system's `system_config.yaml` file.

The `csi` tool is not available on `ncn-m001` after the CSM install is completed. However, if the install recovery data is still available on `ncn-m001` or `ncn-m003`,
then the `csi` tool can be retrieved from the saved PIT ISO file. To do this, see the step used to obtain access to CSI in the
[Enable NCN Disk Wiping Safeguard](../../install/deploy_final_ncn.md#enable-ncn-disk-wiping-safeguard) procedure.

If the seed data from `system_config.yaml` is not available, then open a support ticket to help generate the NTP data.

The following steps are structured to be executed on one node at a time. However, step #3 will generate all relevant files for each node. If multiple nodes are missing NTP data in BSS, then apply this fix to each node.

1. Update `system_config.yaml` to have the correct NTP settings:

    ```yaml
    ntp-servers:
      - ncn-m001
      - time.nist.gov
    ntp-timezone: UTC
    ```

> 2. Generate new configurations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Generate new configurations:
```

Author: Fixed

    ```bash
    ncn# csi config init
    ```

> 3. Change directory to the newly created `system/basecamp` directory and execute the `upgrade_ntp_timezone_metadata.sh` script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Change directory to the newly created `system/basecamp` directory and execute the `upgrade_ntp_timezone_metadata.sh` script.
```

Author: Fixed

    ```bash
    ncn# cd system/basecamp && /usr/share/doc/csm/upgrade/scripts/upgrade_ntp_timezone_metadata.sh

> 

Author: Fixed

    ```

> 4. Find the relevant file fir the node with missing metadata (such as `upgrade-metadata-000000000000.json`) based on the MAC address of the node.

Author: Fixed

5. Find the component name (xname) for the node that needs to be fixed:

    Run this command on the node that needs to be fixed in order to determine its xname.

    ```bash
    ncn# cat /etc/cray/xname

> 

Author: Fixed

    ```

6. From `ncn-m001`, update BSS:

    ```bash
    ncn-m001# csi handoff bss-update-cloud-init --user-data="upgrade-metadata-000000000000.json" --limit=<xname>`
    ```

> 7. Continue with the upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Continue with the upgrade.
```

Author: Fixed

9. When the upgrade is completed, run this script on each NCN to ensure the time is set correctly:

    > If more than nine NCNs are in use on the system, update the for loop in the following command accordingly.

    ```bash

>      ncn-m001# for i in ncn-{w,s}00{1..3} ncn-m00{2..3}; do echo \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ncn-m001# for i in ncn-{w,s}00{1..3} ncn-m00{2..3}; do echo \
```

Author: Fixed.

> 8. Set a token as described in [Identify Nodes and Update Metadata](Rebuild_NCNs/Identify_Nodes_and_Update_Metadata.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set a token as described in [Identify Nodes and Update Metadata](Rebuild_NCNs/Identify_Nodes_and_Update_Metadata.md)
```

Author: Fixed

> 9. When the upgrade is completed, run this script on each NCN to ensure the time is set correctly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. When the upgrade is completed, run this script on `ncn-m001` in order to ensure the time is set correctly on all NCNs:
```

Author: Fixed

>     ncn-m001# for i in $(grep -oP 'ncn-\w\d+' /etc/hosts | sort -u); do echo \

Author: Fixed

    "------$i--------"; ssh $i "TOKEN=$TOKEN /srv/cray/scripts/common/chrony/csm_ntp.py"; done
    ```

<a name="fix-broken-configs"></a>

## Fix Broken Configuration

> 1. Set a token as described in [Identify Nodes and Update Metadata](Rebuild_NCNs/Identify_Nodes_and_Update_Metadata.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set a token as described in [Identify Nodes and Update Metadata](Rebuild_NCNs/Identify_Nodes_and_Update_Metadata.md).
```
